Which of the following are true about tags in Git?
What happens when you run git commit without -m argument?
Git pull is a shorthand for which commands?
Which command can be used to configure vimdiff as the default diff tool for Git?
Using which command can you remove a file from Git without removing it from your file system ?
How can you stash your changes, not including anything in the staging area?
Which of the following commands can be used to delete all files and directories that Git does not track from your working-directory?
Which of the following can't be done with Git checkout?
When is it necessary to use git mv for moving a file?
Which command shows the author of each line of text?
Which command can you use to discard changes to a file inside a Git repository?
Which branch type is not part of the workflow in Gitflow?
Which character appended at the end of a commit reference points to the parent of that commit ?
How can you see the list of all remotes configured for current repository with their URLs?
Which command returns the shortest unique SHA1 for a commit inside the current repository?
How can you replace several commits with one?	
https://www.w3docs.com/snippets/
After you install Git and prior to issuing the first commit, which two configuration properties does the tool expect to be configured?
what is  Git Workflow ?
Which command can be used to identify all the branches that have been merged into master?
Which of the following is not a Git configuration scope?
How can you restore a branch you just deleted?

• In this project, I learned a lot of new things, such as how to use advanced JavaScript and how to integrate zoho book etc.
• In This project I have used varites of technlogy and tools are used such PHP, bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, docker, gitlab,  CI/CD pipeline, QA, Deployment and some other third party library etc.


• I learned a lot of new things while working on this project, such as how to use advanced JavaScript and how to integrate Zoho Book, ZOHO CRM among other things.
• I used a variety of technologies and tools in this project, including PHP, bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, Docker, gitlab, CI/CD pipeline, QA, Deployment, and some third-party libraries.



There  some chalanges  were comes like during sync data from our site to zoho crm such duplicates entries, or data not sync properly.
 
 
• There are some challenges during integrating Zoho Book and Zoho CRM, such as data not synching properly.
 
• The big challenge in this project is uploading a big CSV file with millions of records and requiring read and write operations.
