Tell me about a time you had to work with a challenging SME. Tell me about a time you worked with other teams?
Have you trained people on technical systems?
How do you ensure that you're meeting learner's needs throughout your design process?
How do you evaluate an effective course?
How did you overcome a challenging situation?
Specific scenario based questions, around what would you do if the customer came back to you very upset with their experience. How would you handle the situation.
How to resolve conflict within the team.
How you learned from the past mistakes (release process)
How would you build a caching strategies for a high availability susten?
Describe a time when you had to solve a problem without managerial input. How did you handle it, and what was the result?
Give an example of a time when you identified and fixed a problem before it became urgent.
Share a situation where you predicted a problem with a stakeholder. How did you prevent it from escalating?
Describe a time when you faced challenges in doing your job efficiently. How did you overcome them?
Recall a time when you successfully used crisis-management skills.
How would you handle a new project with great revenue potential but potential legal implications for the company?
How do you determine when to solve a problem on your own or ask for help?
Describe a time when you faced a difficult situation at work that required critical thinking and decision-making under pressure.
Have you ever used intuition or prior experience to anticipate and address a problem effectively? Provide an example.
Share an example of a project or task that initially seemed overwhelming. How did you approach it, and what strategies did you use to ensure successful completion?
What characteristics do you think are important to be an effective leader?
Tell us about your team management experience and what it taught you.
How did you go about prioritizing tasks as a team leader/manager?
Tell us about a time when you were short of resources for a tight project and how you dealt with the situation?
Tell us about a time when you had a team member who wasn’t productive enough.
Tell us about a time when a team member needed some time off to deal with personal issues.
Tell us when you had to cross-function with other teams to complete an important project.
Describe a situation when your team had to work overtime to complete project deadlines. How did you deal with the situation?
Tell us about the most challenging project you worked on
Tell us about a time when you had to make a big decision for a crucial client project
Tell us about a time when you disagreed with your superior
Tell us about a conflict you had at your workplace
What, according to you, are important aspects to maintain productivity at the workplace (Reto, awards, appricated, reward)
How would you avoid distractions at work?
What lessons have you learned from the most challenging project you worked on?
Tell us about a time when you had an uncooperative coworker and how you dealt with the situation?
What are your thoughts on taking periodic vacations?
Tell us about a time when a project suffered because of your superior’s inability to make tough decisions.
Tell me a time when you solved a difficult problem at work?
What steps do you follow when solving problems?
How would you handle a dissatisfied customer?
What do you consider before making decisions?
How do you determine when to solve a problem on your own or ask for help?

https://www.interviewkickstart.com/interview-questions/behavioral-interview-questions-faang-software-engineer-interview
https://resources.workable.com/problem-solving-interview-questions



https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7039633246241849346/



Your passion toward learning is amazing. Keep this going. All the best. 

Thank you so much for your kind words! I truly believe that continuous learning and improvement are key to personal and professional growth, and I am committed to maintaining this mindset. Your encouragement means a lot to me, and I appreciate your support. Thanks 